# MAGD150-Portfolio
This collection of processing files are things that I have produced over first semester of the 2018 school year. 

The first file attached is Color Composition. This project consists of working with color. Specifically, I worked with RGB. The theme was balloons, so I decided to create a blue dog shaped balloon animal on a green background with other balloons. The blue dog base was the same color blue, however, to give it diminsions I used lighter and darker shades of blue. I also added in shadows behind the legs. I then created a shadow below the dog. Then, the grass was just a green rectangle. For the sky, I had to find a shade of blue that wouldn't make the dog blend into the sky. I used a cyan. For some extra details, I created red and yellow balloons by making ellipses with a triangle at the bottom. To make the string I used the bezier curve tool. The red, blue, and yellow are primary colors and I wanted to incorporate them into the piece. 

The next composition is the Dynamics assignment. The theme that week was Pizza! I decided to create an advertisement based pizza project. I created the pizza with simple shapes that would appear with mouse pressed. The background was half red and half red/white stripes. My goal was to make a sprial but this was the next best option. I used trailing lines, with a loop, and an if then statement to create the look. The pizza text is activated by pressing any key. It is actually two pieces of text. One black in the background, and one white in the foreground. This made it easier for the text to pop. 

The next assignment was the Intersections assignment. This assignment was to use buttons! For this, I created a room and the oppurtunity for the user to pick their "escape". When you click the door, any part of the door - it'll bring you to the first dimension. It is a cyan room. When you click the small circular window to the left it'll take you to the second dimension. This is a pink room. And you would think to click the next circle to the right of the door, however, there is no third dimension. The inital room design was created by lots of quads. In order to command each click to ensure it led you to the correct dimension, I had to command draw _room. 

The next assignment was the Math assignment. This background style project was created with a lot of float variables. When the mouse moves up and down the colors with follow with it. In the console, I command the program to list where the mouse was at each place in time when moving the colored lines. 

The last file attached is the Static Composition project. This was the first assignment assigned in MAGD 150. For me, not knowing Processing at all, it was hard for me but I loved the way it turned out. The theme was space. I started with a black background and put small white points all over the grid to represent stars. The next step was to create the box galaxy. Before the coordinates tool came out, this took a lot of quess and check. I aligned each rectangle to fit each other and colored them a dark grey. I added more and more rectangles on top of the intial rectangle to create dimension. I center align these rectangles to stay consistent with the intial rectangle. I then created the spheres to represent planets. Each planet is different so I wanted to represent that with the design. To create the first planet I used ellipses to cover the entire sphere. The next planet had the same idea but also used the opposite ellipses to criss cross each other. 
